Cookin

Judges:
	1 preference (e.g. Spicy, e.g. Umami)
	1 dislike (e.g. mint, e.g. sour)
	Every X turns, discusses the actions/recipe of each player
		e.g. talks about the potent aroma coming from P1's roasted garlic
			if it is providing the most points
		e.g. not really sure what P2 is doing but excited to see the results
			if nothing is providing many points

Recipe:
	Play cards in order to create a recipe
	Ingredients are counted in top-down order but can affect other ingredients
		e.g. salt - gives +1 flavor to all previous ingredients or -3 for each if salt is >3
	The player who finishes their dish with the highest score (flavor + texture + aroma + chemesthesis) is awared the winner
		In the event of a tie, 3 different random judges are chosen with different likes/disklikes such taht a tie does not occur

Ingedients:
	Food items which can be added to your recipe
	Contain tags and components which affect the overall finished dish
		e.g. Mint - +1 Chemesthesis
		e.g. Fried garlic - +1 Aroma, +1 Texture, -1 Flavor to all ingredients after
		e.g. Green Onion Tops - +1 Texture, +1 Flavor to all ingredients before

Actions:
	Cards which can affect your recipe, opponents recipe, or ingredients in your hand
		e.g. Slight of Hand - Can only be played if your opponent has no energy. 
					Add an ingredient from your hand to your opponent's recipe
		e.g. Roast - Turn an ingredient in your hand into its roasted equivalent (garlic -> roasted, bread -> croutons)
		e.g. Purge - Remove all ingredients from your recipe
		e.g. Bake - Roast all ingredients in your recipe
		e.g. Rotate Produce - Choose and discard up to 2 ingredients and draw that many
		e.g. Pilfer - Take a random ingredient from you opponents stockpile and add it to your hand
		e.g. Smoke Break - (2) - Gain (2) Energy next turn
		e.g. Peek - Reveal 3 ingredients from your opponent's recipe
		e.g. Distract - Turn your opponents most recent recipe ingredient into "Overcooked Mush" (-1 in everything)
		e.g. Stalker - Add copies of 2 actions and 2 ingredients from your opponents stockpile to yours

Gameplay:
	Setup:
		The judge is revealed
		Each player draws X cards and may mulligan
		One player is randomly chose to be cooking (they act first)
	Turn phases:
		Start:
			Each player sets their energy to 4/6
			Trigger all start of turn effects
		Play:
			The player who is cooking may:
				Play an action card (may require energy)
				Add an ingredient to their recipe
				Pass
			The other player is now cooking
			Repeat until both players pass consecutively
		End:
			Players may discard up to 1 card
			Players then draw up to X cards
			The player who was not cooking at the start of the turn is now cooking
		Notes:
			If a player's stockpile is empty and they would draw a card, first shuffle their discard into their stockpile
	End:
		After Y (6?) turns, the clock has run out
		Each player presents their recipe (dish) to the judge
		Points are scored and a winner is chosen
		
		Provides a printable recipe card for players based on their and opponent's recipes





